feat: add blog post for CVE-2019-13720 (#3133)
electron/electronjs.org: data/blog/cve-2019-13720.md

---
title: Chromium WebAudio Vulnerability Fix (CVE-2019-13720)
author: nornagon
date: '2019-11-04'
---

A High severity vulnerability has been discovered in Chrome which affects all software based on Chromium, including Electron.

This vulnerability has been assigned `CVE-2019-13720`.  You can read more about it in the [Chrome Blog Post][announcement].

> Please note that Chrome has reports of this vulnerability being used in the wild so it is strongly recommended you upgrade Electron ASAP.

Reviewer: (nit)

```suggestion
Please note that Chrome has reports of this vulnerability being used in the wild so it is strongly recommended you upgrade Electron as soon as possible.
```
